Update readme and improve logs (#28)
Navideck/universal_ble: README.md

### Scanning

> Before initiating a scan, ensure that Bluetooth is available. You can monitor the status of Bluetooth availability by referring to the [Bluetooth Availability](#bluetooth-availability) section.

Reviewer: We need a code snippet here and to move this part down as it is more advanced.

// Or optionally add a scan filter
UniversalBle.startScan(
  scanFilter: ScanFilter(
    withServices: ["SERVICE_UUID"],

>     withManufacturerData: ["ManufacturerDataFilters"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    withManufacturerData: ["MANUFACTURER_DATA"]
```

// Or optionally add a scan filter
UniversalBle.startScan(

>   scanFilter: ScanFilter()

Reviewer: Let's add the parameters here

await UniversalBle.getConnectedDevices(withServices: []);
```

## Scan Filters

> ### withServices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### withServices
```

This is the primary filter. All devices are first filtered by services, then further filtered by other criteria.

> On Web, the `withServices` property is used as [optional_services](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Bluetooth/requestDevice#optionalservices) as well as a services filter. It is recommended to use this property on the web to ensure that you can use the specified services after connecting to the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On web, the `withServices` parameter is used as [optional_services](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Bluetooth/requestDevice#optionalservices) as well as a services filter. You have to set this parameter on web to ensure that you can access the specified services after connecting to the device.
```

```dart
List<String> withServices;
```

### withManufacturerData

> Use the `withManufacturerData` property to filter devices by manufacturer data. When you pass a list of `ManufacturerDataFilter` objects to this property, the scan results will only include devices that contain any of the specified manufacturer data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `withManufacturerData` parameter to filter devices by manufacturer data. When you pass a list of `ManufacturerDataFilter` objects to this parameter, the scan results will only include devices that contain any of the specified manufacturer data.
```

UniversalBle.setInstance(UniversalBleMock());
```

```

> ```

Reviewer: We can delete that
